Toolbar: Add a Getting Started tutorial (#3795)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Toolbar/00 Getting Started with Toolbar/05 Create a Toolbar and its Items.md

To create a Toolbar, declare the component in the markup and add at least one item.

> You can display Toolbar items from the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/) array or a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#dataSource). A Toolbar item may be plain text ([text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#text)) or a UI component ([widget](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#widget)). If the item is a UI component, declare its [options](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#options).

Reviewer: The phrase "display items" seems a bit vague to me in this context. It seems like you may have a few items in the "dataSource" and a few items in "items". Then you can choose which of them you want to display on screen. 

In the second sentence, I only changed the verb (any form of "to be" is generally considered a weak verb).

```suggestion
You can use the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/) array or specify a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#dataSource) to populate a Toolbar with items. A Toolbar item may display plain text ([text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#text)) or a UI component ([widget](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#widget)). If the item is a UI component, declare its [options](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#options).
```

> You can use the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/) array or specify a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#dataSource) to populate a Toolbar with items. A Toolbar item may display plain text ([text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#text)) or a UI component ([widget](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#widget)). If the item is a UI component, declare its [options](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#options).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/) array or specify a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#dataSource) to populate a Toolbar with items. A Toolbar item can display plain text ([text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#text)) or a UI component ([widget](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#widget)). If the item is a UI component, declare its [options](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#options).
```

The following list shows all UI components that you can use in the Toolbar:

- [dxButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/) 
- [dxAutocomplete](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/)
- [dxCheckBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCheckBox/) 
- [dxDateBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/)
- [dxMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/)
- [dxSelectBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/)
- [dxTabs](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTabs/)
- [dxTextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/) 
- [dxButtonGroup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/) 
- [dxDropDownButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownButton/)

In Angular, Vue, and React, import modules for all the components except the [dxButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/).

> The following code creates a Toolbar and adds a [dxTextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/) and a [dxButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/). The button notifies users on click. The Toolbar displays these items in the center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code creates a Toolbar and adds a [dxTextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/) and a [dxButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/). The button responds to user clicks. The Toolbar displays these items in the center.
```

> The following code creates a Toolbar and adds a [dxTextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/) and a [dxButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/). The button responds to user clicks. The Toolbar displays these items in the center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code creates a Toolbar and adds a [dxTextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/) and [dxButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/). The button responds to user clicks. The Toolbar displays these items in the center.
```

To create a Toolbar, declare the component in the markup and add at least one item.

> You can display Toolbar items from an [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/) array or a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#dataSource). A Toolbar item may be plain text or a UI component. You should specify the [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#text) or the [widget](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#widget) property depending on the item. If the item is a UI component, declare its [options](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#options).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can display Toolbar items from the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/) array or a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#dataSource). A Toolbar item may be plain text ([text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#text)) or a UI component ([widget](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#widget)). If the item is a UI component, declare its [options](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#options).
```

            500
        );
    };

    <!-- tab: app.module.ts -->
    import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
    import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
    import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

    import { DxToolbarModule, DxTextBoxModule } from 'devextreme-angular';

    @NgModule({
        declarations: [
            AppComponent
        ],
        imports: [
            BrowserModule,
            DxToolbarModule,
            DxTextBoxModule
        ],
        providers: [ ],
        bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxToolbar>
            <dxItem 
                widget="dxTextBox" 
                :options="textBoxOptions"
            >
            </dxItem>
            <dxItem  
                widget="dxButton" 
                :options="searchButtonOptions"
            >
            </dxItem>
        </DxToolbar>
    </template>

    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';
    import DxToolbar, { DxItem } from 'devextreme-vue/toolbar';
    import notify from "devextreme/ui/notify";
    import 'devextreme/ui/text_box';

> 

Reviewer 4: Empty line

Author: Noted
